Okay, so now that we have created our raw transaction,
we have signed it, we are all ready to send it to the network.
The command that you're going to use for this is called send raw transaction,
followed by the hex string of the raw transaction.
Once we do this, we will get a transaction hash back.
So let's go back to a debug console.
Once you go back to debug console,
I'm going to go fine,
and let me get this screen a little bit bigger for you all to see better.
So once we decode and signed it,
we got a hex string back.
I'm going to go copy this.
So this is the transaction ID or the hex string that we got back.
The command that we used, like I said,
is called send raw transaction.
Once we have that, I'm going to paste this complete hex string that we got after
signing our UTXL, fantastic.
So once we do that,
like I said, everything has all gone through.
So now you have finally sent this transaction to the network.
This is a transaction hash back.
You get this complete transaction hash back.
Now fantastic.
This is how you send a transaction.
In the next step,
I'm actually going to show you how to make sure that everything went fine.
So that is something that is covered in the next step.